A nod's as good as a wink to a blind bat, eh?
He's not the messiah. He's a very naughty boy!
I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries!
You don't frighten us, English pig dogs. Go and boil your bottoms, you sons of a silly person.
You can’t expect to wield supreme executive power just because some watery tart threw a sword at you!
We are now the Knights who Say… ekki-ekki-ekki-ekki-ptang-zoom-boing-mrowr!
Help! Help! I’m being repressed! Come see the violence inherent in the system! Violence inherent in the system!
You tit! I soiled my armor I was so scared!
I’m not quite dead yet!
You must return here with a shrubbery or else you will never pass through this wood alive.
Knights of Ni, we are but simple travelers who seek the enchanter who lives beyond these woods.
When danger reared his ugly head he bravely turned his tail & fled. Yes brave Sir Robin turned about, he turned his tail, he chickened out.
Bravely taking to his feet, he beat a very brave retreat. A brave retreat by brave Sir Robin.
I unclog my nose in your direction, sons of a window dresser.
I wave my private parts at your aunties, you cheesy-leather, second-hand, electric donkey bottom biters.
I burst my pimples at you and call your door-opening request a silly thing; you tiny brained wipers of other peoples’ bottoms.
This is supposed to be a happy occasion. Let’s not bicker and argue about who killed who.
On second thought, let’s not go to Camelot. ‘Tis a silly place.
He who is valiant and pure of spirit may find the Holy Grail in the Castle of aaarrrggh.
I’m Brian. And so’s my wife!
- Father: One day, lad, all this will be yours. - Son: What, the curtains?
I’m sorry to have kept you waiting, but I’m afraid my walk has become rather sillier recently.
It is I, Arthur, son of Uther Pendragon, from the castle of Camelot. King of the Britons, defeater of the Saxons, Sovereign of all England!
In order to maintain air-speed velocity, a swallow needs to beat its wings forty-three times every second, right?
That's the most foul, cruel, and bad-tempered rodent you ever set eyes on!
You tit! I soiled my armor I was so scared!
Look, that rabbit's got a vicious streak a mile wide! It's a killer!
This new learning amazes me, Sir Bedevere. Explain again how sheep's bladders may be employed to prevent earthquakes.
Come and see the violence inherent in the system. Help! Help! I'm being repressed!
I seek the bravest and the finest knights in the land who will join me in my court at Camelot.
...You must cut down the mightiest tree in the forest... WITH... A HERRING!
If it's one thing I can't stand, it's people groveling.
Oh, what sad times are these when passing ruffians can say Ni at will to old ladies.
Even those who arrange and design shrubberies are under considerable economic stress in this period in history.
How dare you profane this place with your presence!
